first it was really hard because I
didn't know any Chinese but now with the
time it became more and more natural to
communicate to my teammates
so there's any problem well stay three
of em si I'm joined right now by Mugen
from flash wolves as well as hydrogen
who's gonna help translate Mugen
definitely speaks English but he doesn't
want to he's very shy and all this
covers is brought to you by you for
people who are supporting me it's in the
description on the YouTube let's get
into it
Mugen what is going on flash wolves is
so good did you know that you were going
to be so good you don't wanna know thing
okay sooo we practiced really hard so
actually we were expecting to have good
results did you expect to have this good
results though because you are you've
beaten every team once and now you're
six and O for the end of the day did you
expect to be this good in there since
Erica Catania Yudhoyono boo London day
come on turn around tires alternative oh
you may came to say put it up when you
call your getting go attire okay
honestly we didn't expect that good but
we communicate really well with the team
and everything is going okay well I am
very curious because I have talked to
some friends here in Europe who are
trying to take credit for your success
they say oh he played in Europe that is
why he is so good what how much of an
impact did your Europe time have on you
as a player now in India marine and a
scene sorry okay so among key to
mutation nail toe melt on yogi one one
and she told me to get on gay it was a
bonny people go tomorrow to get snared
Angie groom wild up when you go to
noodles or done anything about and what
tell indeed actually I think I learned a
lot of things like communication because
I had to adapt in Europe style so this
kind of thing helped me a lot
what well flash wolves remain undefeated
throughout the rest of groups to Ma da
top it you can come here okay tiger in
the terminal John who tells me I go get
em when a cat I even if we are on the
field for now we won't get arrogant
we'll stay focused and try out so I
think yes it was possible can you win
MSI it wasn't kind of messing oil oh
yeah Tony what am i okay two minutes on
how much pou so actually I want to
Taiwan to win so I think it's possible
we can win okay very good
I actually don't know much about how
your language barriers are with the rest
of the team what is it like for you
communicating with the rest of flash
wolves homonym buddy
okay so Tony take you do I saw Tony
Zitto toilet open water
so first it was really hard because I
didn't know any Chinese but now with the
time it became more and more natural to
communicate to my teammates so there's
any problem so how many languages do you
know
okay another NASA nyle Don hyung Google
Google you're taking our REO the Korean
Chinese English three okay very good so
you do know English yes English Oh
so why are we using a translator I need
translator because my English um not
good at yeah not good well here let's do
this we'll wrap up the interview is
there anything you want to say to any of
the Western fans maybe in English
English hello everyone I am flesh of a
stronger player it's very good you get
to say thank you thank you very much for
a Cheers yes well thank you so much for
the interview musician Thank You Arjun
for the translation we're gonna get her
back his King zone is quite possibly
beating Team Liquid
you could check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
hey I really enjoyed the interview I
hope you did too
so I want to thank all of you guys for
your support you really helped me out
and I I don't know it just need to have
everybody supporting the channel
speaking of support I do not have a
sponsor for this trip out here so if you
guys want to help cover the costs are or
maybe just diminish the the hit a little
bit I guess we you can do so at Travis
CARICOM slash support and patreon.com
slash Travis cafard thanks so much